# Getting Started | Supabase Docs
Source: https://supabase.com/docs/guides/getting-started

### Use cases

### Framework quickstarts

[ReactLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a React app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/reactjs)[Next.jsLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a Next.js app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/nextjs)[NuxtLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a Nuxt app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/nuxtjs)[HonoLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, secure it with auth, and query the data from a Hono app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/hono)[RedwoodJSLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database using Prisma migration and seeds, and query the data from a RedwoodJS app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/redwoodjs)[FlutterLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a Flutter app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/flutter)[iOS SwiftUILearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from an iOS app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/ios-swiftui)[Android KotlinLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from an Android Kotlin app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/kotlin)[SvelteKitLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a SvelteKit app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/sveltekit)[SolidJSLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a SolidJS app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/solidjs)[VueLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a Vue app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/vue)[RefineLearn how to create a Supabase project, add some sample data to your database, and query the data from a Refine app.](/docs/guides/getting-started/quickstarts/refine)

### Web app demos

[Next.jsLearn how to build a user management app with Next.js and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-nextjs)[ReactLearn how to build a user management app with React and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-react)[Vue 3Learn how to build a user management app with Vue 3 and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-vue-3)[Nuxt 3Learn how to build a user management app with Nuxt 3 and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-nuxt-3)[AngularLearn how to build a user management app with Angular and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-angular)[RedwoodJSLearn how to build a user management app with RedwoodJS and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-redwoodjs)[SvelteLearn how to build a user management app with Svelte and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-svelte)[SvelteKitLearn how to build a user management app with SvelteKit and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-sveltekit)[RefineLearn how to build a user management app with Refine and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-refine)

### Mobile tutorials

[FlutterLearn how to build a user management app with Flutter and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-flutter)[Expo React NativeLearn how to build a user management app with Expo React Native and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-expo-react-native)[Expo React Native Social AuthLearn how to implement social authentication in an app with Expo React Native and Supabase Database and Auth functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-expo-react-native-social-auth)[Android KotlinLearn how to build a product management app with Android and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-kotlin)[iOS SwiftLearn how to build a user management app with iOS and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-swift)[Ionic ReactLearn how to build a user management app with Ionic React and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-ionic-react)[Ionic VueLearn how to build a user management app with Ionic Vue and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-ionic-vue)[Ionic AngularLearn how to build a user management app with Ionic Angular and Supabase Database, Auth, and Storage functionality.](/docs/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-ionic-angular)
